GIT repository with build scripts is available at: https://megous.com/git/pinephone-multi-boot/.

It's not an end-user code, but the scripts are simple enough to understand and adapt for the adept Linux users.

Development
Project status: p-boot-demo is maintained and actively developed by the original author.


PinePhone multi-distro demo image

Here you can find a multi-boot uSD card image containing 13 different Pinephone distributions. The purpose of this image is 
for users to easily try current major (and some minor) Pinephone Linux distributions, without having to figure out how to 
flash them individually and juggle with many uSD cards.


Key points:

[Relatively] small 5GiB image containing 13 distributions: Arch Linux ARM 2020-09-08 Lune OS 0.113 Maemo Leste 20200906 
Mobian 20200912 KDE Neon 20200912-132511 pmOS / fbkeyboard 2020-09-11 pmOS / GNOME 2020-09-11 pmOS / Phosh 2020-09-11 pmOS / 
Plasma Mobile 2020-09-11 PureOS 20200908 Sailfish 1.1-3.3.0.16-devel-20200909 pmOS / sxmo 0.1.8-20200726 Ubuntu Touch 
2020-09-10 Runs my p-boot bootloader and my latest kernel (5.9-rc5) Based on btrfs subvolumes and file level deduplication 
(if you mess up, you can easily revert each distribution to original state using pre-created btrfs snapshots) All included 
distributions work on Braveheart and later Pinephone variants (incl. 3GiB variant), thanks to sharing my kernel and 
bootloader My modem power management driver is used on all distributions for safe and reliable handling of modem power 
(instead of ad-hoc scripts used by original distributions) Suspend to ram based on the latest crust is available to all 
distributions (whether they actually use it or not) The image is made to fit a 8GiB or larger uSD cards, and also works when 
flashed to eMMC Some development history and technical details can be found on my blog.

Quirks Distributions add weird hacks to their kernels to work around issues with some camera apps they use. This is not the 
right way to fix issues with inadequate camera apps and therefore these apps don't work in this multi-boot image, because my 
kernel doesn't have these hacks.

I tried to make my kernel compatible with most distributions, but most distributions don't update the kernel often enough 
and run outdated and unsupported kernels, so there may be some subtle compatibility issues. Some things may work better, 
some things may break.

Download The image is distributed as a torrent due to its size. Install some torrent software (suggestions: transmission, 
qBittorrent) and click the previous link to start the download. Don't forget to let the torrent client run even after the 
download finishes so that other people can get the image too.

Thanks to sundog, the image is also available at: https://downloads.reclaim.technology/pinephone-multiboot-image/ as a 
regular download.

Installation Installation consists of decompressing image data (gzipped) and putting it to the SD card. Use zcat, or dd (if 
you know how to identify SD card block device), or some end-user software like USBImager (there are reports that USBImager 
corrupts the image during extraction, though) or Etcher (this one will probably violate your privacy) for that.

It's suggested to verify the image was written correctly immediately after flashing by running dd if=/dev/sdcarddevice bs=1M 
count=7500 | md5sum. MD5 sum must be aa5bb5fc44bc129b39e99d395e35b8b4. If your OS auto-mounts new filesystems, make sure it 
does not do it for the SD card image, otherwise the hash may change, and this verification method will be unreliable.

Optionally (strongly encouraged step) you can also stretch the OS partition to fit your entire uSD card, otherwise the free 
space inside the filesystem will be limited to about 1.5 GiB, which is not enough for OS updates and/or longer term use of 
this image. If you run out of space, all included distributions may become unstable.

Partition stretching instructions are on this page.

Passwords All passwords were changed to 1111 where possible. PureOS password is 123456. Root passwords are 1111. sxmo 
login/password is mo/1111.

Support the project p-boot demo is free and opensource software released under GPLv3. It is an independent personal project 
not backed by any comapny or commercial interests. You can contribute by writing code, helping improve documentation, 
spreading the word, and/or by donating.

Share on: Twitter, Facebook, etc.

Bugs and support
Please report bugs via email:

p-boot@xnux.eu
Development
Project status: p-boot-demo is maintained and actively developed by the original author.

GIT repository with build scripts is available at: https://megous.com/git/pinephone-multi-boot/.

It's not an end-user code, but the scripts are simple enough to understand and adapt for the adept Linux users.
